BnB Installation Instructions
-----------------------------

NOTE: The BnB setup program will determine if required system files
are up to date before proceeding with installation. If files are
missing or out of date, BnB Setup will prompt the user with a message
box, update the files if user agrees, then advise user to restart
computer and rerun the setup program.

A. Non-Network Installations:
  STEP 1.  Close all open applications.

  STEP 2.  Run (double-click) the self-extracting BNBSETUP.EXE file.

  STEP 3.  Follow the prompts on the displayed dialog boxes, selecting the 
           'Install as Database Server' option when prompted in the 'Set 
           Database Location' dialog box.

  STEP 4.  After installation is complete, run the BnB application by 
           selecting the BnB program icon in the 'Start' > 'Programs' menu. 

B. Network Installations:
  STEP 1. Setup the server:
    A.  Select the network computer that will function as the database
        'server' (the computer on which the BnB database file (BNB1.MDB)
        will reside).

    B.  Close all open applications.

    C.  Run (double-click) the self-extracting BNBSETUP.EXE file.

    D.  Follow the prompts on the displayed dialog boxes, selecting the 
        'Install as Database Server' option when prompted in the 'Set 
        Database Location' dialog box.
   
  STEP 2. Setup the workstation(s):
    After the installation has been completed on the database server 
    computer, other computers attached to the network can be setup (in
    any order) as follows:

    A.  Close all open applications.

    B.  Run (double-click) the self-extracting BNBSETUP.EXE file.

    C.  Follow the prompts on the displayed dialog boxes, selecting the 
        'Install as Workstation' option when prompted. To fill in the 
        Database path, click the 'Browse' button, click the dropdown 
        for the 'Look in' field at the top of the 'Database Location'
        screen, select 'Network Neighborhood' and locate the BnB database
        file (BNB1.MDB) on the previously setup database server computer
        (typically, \\<ServerComputerName>\Program Files\BNB\BNB1.MDB).

  STEP 3. Run BnB:
    After installation is complete, run the BnB application by 
    selecting the BnB program icon in the 'Start' > 'Programs' menu.   
         
